Add section for sending consent data in Appsflyer (#6285)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/appsflyer/index.md

To activate this feature, simply input your S2S token in the destination settings and toggle the "Use API v3" switch to the enabled position. 

### Send User Consent Preferences Server-side

> To transmit user consent data serverside, simply incorporate the consent preferences into the `integrations.AppsFlyer.consent_data`` object. This can be done in either TCF or manual format, as outlined in [the AppsFlyer documentation](https://dev.appsflyer.com/hc/reference/s2s-events-api3-post){:target="_blank”}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To transmit user consent data server-side, incorporate the consent preferences into the `integrations.AppsFlyer.consent_data` object. This can be done in either TCF or manual format, as outlined in [the AppsFlyer Send Event documentation](https://dev.appsflyer.com/hc/reference/s2s-events-api3-post){:target="_blank”}.
```

```js
// node.js library example with tcf 
analytics.track({
  event: 'Membership Upgraded',
  userId: '97234974',
  context: {
    device: {
      type: 'ios',
      advertisingId: '159358'
    }
  },
  integrations: {
    AppsFlyer: {
      appsFlyerId: '1415211453000-6513894'
    }, 
    consent_data: {
      tcf: {
        tcstring: "string",
        cmp_sdk_version: 1,
        cmp_sdk_id: 1,
        gdpr_applies: 0,
        policy_version: 1
    }
  }
  }
});

// node.js library example with manual consent 
analytics.track({
  event: 'Membership Upgraded',
  userId: '97234974',
  context: {
    device: {
      type: 'ios',
      advertisingId: '159358'
    }
  },
  integrations: {
    AppsFlyer: {
      appsFlyerId: '1415211453000-6513894'
    }, 
    consent_data: {
      manual: {
        ad_personalization_enabled: 'true',
        ad_user_data_enabled: 'true',
        gdpr_applies: 'true'
      }
  }
  }
});
```

## Identify

> If you're not familiar with the Segment Specs, take a look to understand what the [Identify method](/docs/connections/spec/identify/) does. An example iOS call would look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not familiar with the Segment Spec, take a look to understand what the [Identify method](/docs/connections/spec/identify/) does. An example iOS call would look like:
```

```swift
[[SEGAnalytics sharedAnalytics] identify:@"12091906-01011992"
                                traits:@{ @"email": @"john.doe@example.com" }];
```

> When you call `.identify()`, Segment uses AppsFlyer's `setCustomerUserID` to send the `userId` that was passed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you call Identify, Segment uses AppsFlyer's `setCustomerUserID` to send the `userId` that was passed in.
```

> **Note:** `identify` calls are not supported using AppsFlyer's HTTP API at the moment. You can only send `.identify` calls if you have the AppsFlyer SDK bundled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Identify calls are not supported using AppsFlyer's HTTP API at the moment. You can only send `.identify` calls if you have the AppsFlyer SDK bundled.
```

## Track

> If you're not familiar with the Segment Specs, take a look to understand what the [Track method](/docs/connections/spec/track/) does. An example iOS call would look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not familiar with the Segment Spec, take a look to understand what the [Track method](/docs/connections/spec/track/) does. An example iOS call would look like:
```

```swift
[[SEGAnalytics sharedAnalytics] track:@"Article Completed"
                           properties:@{ @"title": @"How to Create a Tracking Plan", @"course": @"Intro to Analytics" }];
```

> When you call `track`, Segment translates it automatically and sends the event to AppsFlyer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you call Track, Segment translates it automatically and sends the event to AppsFlyer.
```

> Segment includes all the event properties as callback parameters on the AppsFlyer event, and automatically translate `properties.revenue` to the appropriate AppsFlyer purchase event properties based on the spec'd properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment includes all the event properties as callback parameters on the AppsFlyer event, and automatically translates `properties.revenue` to the appropriate AppsFlyer purchase event properties based on the spec'd properties.
```

> Finally, Segment uses AppsFlyer's `transactionId` deduplication when you send an `orderId` (see the [e-commerce spec](/docs/connections/spec/ecommerce/v2/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment uses AppsFlyer's `transactionId` deduplication when you send an `orderId` (see Segment's [e-commerce spec](/docs/connections/spec/ecommerce/v2/) for more details).
```
